Hey everybody, welcome to the art of
accomplishment where we explore living
the life you want with enjoyment and
ease. Today we have a coaching session
for you and it's all about money. The
money issues that we have on the surface
and the root causes underneath. Bobby
Hobert joins us today for this coaching
session and it is intense. So don't
forget to breathe.
Joe, one thing that's been on my mind um
recently a lot is abundance and really
trying to call in financial consistency
with my business. I left my job at the
top of January to go all in on my
coaching business. This has been in the
works, I would say, over the last seven,
eight years. Graduating college in 2016,
going down this self-development path,
driving Uber full-time for three and a
half years while building the first
podcast, then pivoting, working at
Liquid IV full-time while continuing to
build my podcast, my brand, and uh
continuing to challenge myself to grow.
And it finally came to a point where it
was like it felt now or never. I need to
take this step. And I left my career in
the top of January with some runway. And
this year it has been just as you can as
I'm sure you've seen in your career, the
clients that you've coached, it's been a
roller coaster of emotions. And the
timing of us doing this this uh
conversation today was is incredible
because I really feel like we're kind of
in a very tough spot where credit cards
are ran up. You know, cash flow is
really low. We're looking into maybe
having to liquidate stock market stuff
to just get by. And I'd love to just
explore are there limiting beliefs in
mine? Like I feel like there's internal
things that are blocking you. I see the
value that I bring. I see it in the
interactions that I have with people or
clients. And I just want to set the
frame of just even that's what I'm
bringing into today's call. And from
there, I'd love to just kind of see
where we go or just any anything that
you can pull for me or challenge me that
may um help edge me and correct me in
the right direction.
Cool. So, what what makes you call it
abundance instead of say I want to be
filthy
rich? Oh, yeah. Here we
go. I think
there's I a friend of mine called called
me out on this. He's like I think it's
me being scared to say that out loud
that I'm a bad person if I want to
acquire a [__] ton of money. Cool. What
makes it what makes you bad for wanting
to have money?
Uh, what makes me bad for wanting?
H, maybe that's even a better question.
That's maybe even a better question. I'm
almost wondering are there are there
beliefs from when I was younger? I grew
up in a very um bluecollar household
where I just made the association that
if you have a lot of money, you've done
bad things to make that money or you're
all mighty and powerful. Well, let's
check the first one that you mentioned
or the second one you mentioned. Are you
how how how okay is it for you just to
want?
I think it's totally okay to want. Okay.
Say something that you want that you're
totally like there's no constriction in
your body when you say it. Just I want
to make $250,000 a year.
Yeah. There is constriction in your body
there.
You didn't say like
like there was no love in your system
when you're like, "Oh, I want to make
$250,000." It was I want to make
$250,000. Like you had to tighten up and
speed up to be able to say that. But let
let's just let's stay away from money
just for a second. I just want to get
into like want. What what what is it
okay for you to want and what is it not
okay for you to
want? And I don't mean logically. I get
it. Logically, you know, it's all good.
But
emotionally, nervous systemwise, what is
it okay for you to want and what is it
not okay for you to want? So, for
instance, if you say, "I want my fiance
to be happy." Let's hear you say that
and see what happens. I want I'm sorry.
Your wife. You're not your fiance. No,
you're right. You're right. You're
right. I want my fiance to feel happy.
Yeah. Okay. Now, I want $250,000 a year.
What's that one? I want $250,000 a year.
Okay. How was How are those two things
different?
Even me saying it the second time, I'm
catching myself trying to be more gentle
and calming and loving. So I it's not
even fair for me on that second take.
But
what I noticed is you you were more
loving trying to be and it actually
tickled you like it I saw the smile. I
saw like you got tickled.
Where does the tickle? What causes the
tickle? Yeah. Well, we'll get there in a
second. So the the so so the question is
just generally what are you allowed to
want and what are you not allowed to
want if you had to guess and categorize
I would I want to are we talking like
emotionally
just across the board if you had to say
it's okay for me for instance it's okay
for me to want good things for other
people it's not okay for me to want good
things for myself or it's okay for me to
want emotional stuff but it's not okay
for me to want financial stuff or like
if you had to categorize what it's okay
for you to want and what it's not okay
for you to want, how would you do that?
It's okay for me to want to help change
the
world. It's not okay for me
to want this abundance of money or want
wealth, extreme wealth. It's okay for me
to want to prioritize my own
well-being. It's not okay for me to
[Music]
Yeah, it's tricky, right? So, I'm just
going to take a shot in the dark or it's
not really, but we're going to call it a
shot in the dark. So, who was the parent
that you had to emotionally take care of
when you were like who was the who were
who were the people? Maybe it was a kid,
but a a younger kid, but somewhere you
were taught that your job was to take
care of somebody instead of yourself is
my guess. Who who or what was that?
It's a tough question because I I don't
feel I had to necessarily take care of
either of my parents.
I had a I have a younger sister, two
years younger than me, but I I I feel
that I looked out for her um growing up
and I tried to um like when we were in
high school, she I felt like was going
down a different path in the sense of
the people she was surrounded by I
didn't think were um the most
encouraging, positive, and I was around
more Yeah. This sounds like people.
Yeah. that doesn't that doesn't hit when
I'm listening to okay um typically and
so I may be wrong on this one but
typically what I see is that somebody
who has this I I fall into the category
uh this desire to like help the world
save the world help other people a lot
of coaches fall into this category
generally they had somebody that they
were responsible for their happiness
when they were young and it was a subtle
responsible for happiness like maybe it
was
uh I need to make sure they're happy so
they don't get angry in the house or
maybe I need to take care of them
emotionally because they're always
depressed or there's a way in
which what the natural way of parents or
some maybe other caregivers is that
their job is just to constantly be
looking after the kid. But it's usually
when there's this like save the world
thing, there's the other way that goes,
which is their job is to take care of
the parents a little bit. And so I see
if I if I go one layer deeper to give
you more context when I say, you know, I
want to change the world. Yeah. What I'm
really trying to say now like thinking
about it is I want to help people live
and create a life that excites them just
the same way when I graduated college.
That was the mission. 99% went and got a
corporate career and I was like I'm
going this my own path and everyone was
question marking and asking me why. So I
think even if I go a layer deeper I want
to change the world in the sense of I
want to help empower others to step in
and create that life that they want for
themselves. That's what I'm talking
about. So is there any place you can
look at your childhood I may be totally
off but is there any place you can look
in your childhood and go oh I was
responsible for the happiness of an
adult where it wasn't my job.
And I want to just acknowledge this
could be a very hard thing to do in a
public podcast because oftent times
people feel like
they're criticizing their parents, which
is not what's actually Yeah. You know, I
I'll be honest with you, Joe. Even this
being recorded, it it's
still it's
uh I feel extremely comfortable with
sharing whatever comes up. I'm just
really trying to be mindful and think
about is there a moment or am I just
completely disregarding it?
Yeah, this wouldn't be a moment. This
would be like a habit. Yeah. Not like it
would be a h it would be something that
was consistent. Yeah. I want to say
because nothing is coming up that I I
don't think that's the case.
Yeah. We'll explore. Let me explain in a
couple other ways just to be quick about
it. How often were you called selfish
growing up? Kid. Yeah.
Not Not really ever, I don't think.
Great. Okay. That then that that
probably explains that it's that's not
the pattern that's at play here. Okay.
So, going back, what is it
that makes it bad to want money? What is
it that makes it your job to help other
people? So, right now you're in your
head. Can you bring yourself down into
your heart and belly? Like just like
bring your whole body online as
answering the questions. Yeah.
H
I really don't know what has caused this
like this money. I don't need a cause. I
just need like a an emotional
justification. We don't have to go into
history for it. Just like what right now
would make it for you. Tense,
uncomfortable,
non-deserving.
Oh, there it is. Yeah. Non-deserving.
Cool. What makes you not deserve money?
I haven't worked hard enough. I don't
have the skill sets for it. The value I
bring doesn't equal to the amount of
money that I know I should be paid for.
Okay, so Elon Musk really probably
didn't work much harder than the guy who
owns my local tire shop.
Like actually can you point to any place
in the world where somebody's financial
gain
is deserved by the or lack of financial
gain is deserved by how much effort they
put in? No. Okay.
What separates Elon from the local guy
at the tire shop? Yeah, it's a great
question. There's probably several
things, but let's not worry about him.
Let's be solely focused on you. So the
the
So what makes it that you have to add
value to
be
deserving and I assume this goes across
multiple planes of your life, right? I'm
assuming that like getting love from
your fiance means that you have to have
a certain amount of value taking care of
her, you know, whatever.
So what what what makes that transaction
Again, you're kind of in your head.
Let's take you out of the head. Just
look at me and say, "Joe, you need to
add value for me to love you." Joe, you
Joe, you need to add value to love me.
No, for for you to love me. Joe, you
need to add value to love me. The other
way. Joe, you need to add value if you
want my love. Oh, I see. Joe, you need
to Joe, you need to add value if you
want my love. Yeah. How'd that feel?
Um, not true. Yeah. So, what makes it
true for you?
I don't know.
I don't know. If you had to guess, if
you had to guess, what makes it that you
have to add value, you have to get
effort to get good things in the world.
I keep trying to come back to you and
not get so in my head. Yeah. So, imagine
you you you have a kid, your fiance, and
you get married, you have a kid, the kid
pops out, you look at the kid, and
you're like, "Not going to love you till
you add some value.
No, that's that's a dagger. Yeah, I can
feel that.
Yeah. Yeah. So, imagine that kid grows
up with that
dagger. How are they going to be at
making money or or having abundance,
whatever the word is. Yeah, I said
abundance. Um, abundance is a great
word. I'm just I The reason I mentioned
the abundance is just typically it means
guilt over having money.
Wow. Yeah, that that that kid would
um be raised in a not
like and if it feels like he would be a
very needy person in the world, right?
Always selfish being selfish for sure.
And how how do you think how hard is it
for a coach to get clients if they have
that like sniff of neediness as compared
to It's extremely hard. the times when
I'm I'm ex when I the energy feels
needy. Yeah. It doesn't come. And the
moments when I'm completely surrendered
and just Yeah. nonattached, it it flows.
Right.
And I And I But if you're saying my
value is based on whether this
person, then it's all it's hard really
not to be needy.
So the so
it's standing true in my value
regardless of what I'm going to keep on
interrupting you because what you do is
that you come the idea gets settled and
then you say this is what I have to
do. So this idea shows up and then you
immediately turn it into a task that you
have to do so that you can be good
enough so that you can get love. Do you
see the pattern that I'm speaking to?
Say that again. It's happened. Yeah.
It's happened three times in the call.
So basically the recognition just
happened which is
oh right I just need to stand in my
value right and that became a to-do that
you have to do so that you earn whatever
it is that you want to earn
which which destroys the
epiphany. The epiphany in itself is
oh well le actually let's go to the
deeper
epiphany. What is it that you have to do
to deserve
love? Do you have to stand true in
yourself to to earn love? Just be.
Yeah. Just be who I am fully. How about
who you are half? Do you deserve love
then? Yes. Okay. How about who you
are 10%. Do you deserve love band? Yes.
Okay. So, what what made you put fully
on
there? That became another task that you
had to do and almost impossible task
frankly.
You're setting up these massive hurdles
for you to get
love. So, what makes you scared of it?
What makes you scared of love? What
makes you scared of abundance? What
makes you scared of making a [__] ton of
money? Cuz you keep on creating these
massive walls to get there.
Oh man, this is God.
In your head again.
You've been trying to think your way out
of this for at least 5 years, if not 25.
I've always been super self-critical.
Yeah. My mom has always said that to me.
You're you are your biggest critic.
Yeah.
I don't uh is it happening right now? I
see the sadness, but is the criticism
also happening?
No, it's um I just don't know why I put
so much weight on my shoulders.
Yeah.
Like a ton. Yeah. Clearly. And it and
and it feels like
um it's been on me since since when I
graduated. Yeah. That I I have to prove
to myself I need to prove to others.
Yeah. And and then you that weight you
supplement with this high positive I got
it. We're going we're Yeah. delusional
optimist.
Yeah. Which is really another form of
undermining yourself.
Is another form of undermining. Yeah.
Yeah. I know that's a weird thing,
but you can do it means I don't actually
believe you can do it. Like you're if
like Bill Gates, you can do it. You can
you can make $200, Bill. You can do it.
You'd never [__] say
that. H that positivity is also a form
of doubt the way it runs in your system.
So, is it being less positive? Is it
being less optimistic? Is it being more
realistic? Or you're trying to find your
task list. Yeah. So that you can do the
thing. Yes. So that you can earn the
thing.
I was going to ask how do I remove
that? Yep. Yep.
[Laughter]
Uh yeah.
Yeah. So if there's nothing you can
do, what's what's left?
just being
well, you're trying to get
somewhere and there's this task list of
things to do to get
there. If you can't do anything to get
there, like what's like what happens to
there?
It doesn't it no longer exists?
What does this creation of a
destination? what does exist? Tell me
what the destination is ultimately.
What's the destination? So, you've done
the work. You've hard you've figured
yourself out. You've [__] been the
perfect 100% you and you've totally
completely in yourself and you've got
the million dollars in the bank. And
then
what what did all that get you? Feeling
freedom,
joy, excitement. Yeah. So, if there's
nothing to do, where's your freedom,
joy, and
excitement? Being felt into right
now. How does freedom, joy, and
excitement attract
customers, attract coaching folks? How
does it attract money?
You're in your head again. Mhm.
Like just feel the freedom, joy, and
excitement you have and just see see
what does that feel like? Lighter. Yeah.
Playful.
Yeah. Non-attachment. Um
Yeah. So even here, I'm going to [__]
with you. Even here there's a little bit
of trying in what you're
saying. Trying. It's like you're trying
to make it real or
something. There's either freedom here
or there's not freedom here. There's no
trying that's required. So what?
Like right now are you free or are you
not free?
I feel very tense.
Yeah.
Maybe if I wasn't on this call with you,
maybe I would feel a little bit more
free. But right now, I feel even a
little even a little bit more free is
not freedom. But I'm not talking about
freedom the feeling. I'm just saying
like right now are you free technically?
Yes.
So explain that to me. How explain how
technically you're free right now?
I'm choosing to be on this call with you
and after this call it
it's the canvas is mine to paint for the
rest of the day. That to me would be
freedom.
Yeah. Has there ever been a day in your
life where the canvas hasn't been free
for you
to paint for the rest of the day? Like
is there ever been a time where you
don't get to choose?
if I didn't feel like I
had was able to choose when I was
working full-time.
Didn't feel like it but were didn't feel
like it. But were you But I still had
the choice. Yeah.
At the end of the day was I still could
choose.
Yeah. Yeah. Do you ever perceive any
moment in the rest of your life where
your freedom isn't going to have
consequences? like getting fired or not
making money or pissing off somebody
or letting your kid down or
it will always have consequences.
So, how how can you be free if it's
there's always consequences?
I don't
know. I don't know.
Right. And and relief. How? Look at the
relief that came with
that. The idea of freedom that you've
been living with is yet another hurdle
that you've given to yourself that you
have to jump.
I want to let go of the hurdles.
I I know that ex I don't need external
things to feel these emotions. I can
feel them right here right now. And I've
been doing I've been really deep into
Jod Spence's work for the last 3 months
and it's it's made it tangible
understanding for me. But it's like I
know I've always known I don't need
these validation things to feel the way
I want to feel.
But I create the hurdle but I create the
hurdles. Yeah. I feel good and then some
reason in my mind the hurdle gets
presented three hours later. Yeah. And I
it's just it's intoxicating. I can just
feel it and it's Yeah. It just ripples
into how I show up across the board.
Yeah. So, and it's not the version of
who I want to be. Right.
So I want to at some point touch on
potentially the fact that that story you
are recreating right now is a
like you're doing it right now and it so
you've you've gone to tactic two. First
tactic was let me give a to-do list that
I can do the thing to get. Tactic two is
let me tell you who I am and I'm going
to define myself in this way so that I
can't have the thing that I want.
So
it but the the question that I have for
you
is what makes you scared of this
good thing of this freedom of this
abundance of this like what like this
feeling of like oh I feel [__] good.
you have it and you immediately create
something to stop it. What What's the
What's the thing that makes
that
scary to
feel that something's going to get in
the way and create the hurdle that that
I won't I will no longer feel
it. That's true. The valve will get
turned and all I'm feeling is now gone.
That's what's going to happen for sure.
There is nobody ever of any time in any
ilk, no matter what
the the the crazy mythology behind it is
that went, "Oh, and now I feel great for
the rest of my life.
It's a so it's a choice to feel great
essentially." No, what I'm saying is
nobody gets to feel great all the time.
It's always a pendulation between
states.
There is no permanent state.
There's there's a stateless state, but
I'm not going to go into that. That like
you're like no matter what, there's good
days and bad days. And maybe your good
day in 10 years was or your bad day 10
years from now is the shittiest day. I'm
sorry. Let me try that again. And maybe
10 years from now, your bad day was the
best day that you had today. But there's
still going to be good days and bad
days, right? There's still going to be
this up and down. Yes.
Yeah. So, there's
just Yeah. It's going to be taken away
from you,
and that's okay. Yeah. I mean, you're
going to finish eating an ice cream
cone, but you're not scared of ice
cream.
You have an idea about it being taken
away that makes the taking away not
sweet. What's the idea? What's the idea
behind losing a a good
feeling or losing
money or
losing love that doesn't make the money
and the love and
the freedom whatever
sweet? I don't know if you had to guess.
whole body gas, not just brain gas.
Can you can you can you ask that one
more time? Yeah. What makes it
that losing the thing that makes you
feel good doesn't make the thing that
makes you feel good sweeter?
A really great meal would not be so
great if you ate it 24 hours a day. So
true.
Even if you ate it every day at lunch,
it would not be great soon. Yeah. It It
would go from this fantastic meal to
just Yeah. the new standard. Yeah.
So, what makes it not sweet that these
things pass? Me.
My relation. Of course, if we're going
to blame somebody, it's going to be you.
My my relationship with
it.
What are you not responsible for bad
happening in the world? Exactly. like
your world. Mhm. Your your your
existence, what part of it are you not
responsible for?
External. Anything external? I I'm
saying like well external is you could
say how much money you made this year
would be an external factor or you could
call an internal factor.
I'm saying like obviously you're not
responsible for hurricanes, but it seems
like you have taken full responsibility
for your entire life.
Anything bad that happens, a bad
thought, a bad emotion, a bad It's me.
It's
you. What? Just I'm not saying it isn't
true, but imagine for a second that you
were completely not responsible for any
of it. By the way, neither was anybody
else. Nobody. So, you can't blame
anybody and you can't blame yourself.
Okay. What does that do if you do that
mental experiment? What does that do to
your consciousness? I mean, it just
feels like I'm walking in
sunshine. I I feel okay. I feel Yeah.
Bliss. Yeah. Pure happiness, joy. Yeah.
I don't want to keep saying I feel like
pressure alleviated off my shoulders,
but yeah, there's not this this weight
on my chest.
Yeah.
So, prove to me that you're
responsible. We'll tra we'll like track
it right down to its
root. You're responsible for not making
money because of what?
I'm not responsible for making money.
No, you are responsible for not making
money. That's how your brain normally
works, right? I'm not agreeing with
that. But see, well, we're going to just
see logically if it makes any goddamn
sense. So, you're responsible for not
making money. You tell yourself that.
How do you justify that? What What is it
that you did or didn't do that? I'm not
trying hard enough. You're not trying
hard enough. That's great. And what
makes it that you didn't try hard
enough?
Uh there's a million different ways to
attract clients and you're you've tried
four out of the million ways. So
get on board. And what made it that you
only tried four instead of 10 or 20?
Time and bandwidth. Time and bandwidth.
And wait, so you're responsible for
time?
No. Okay. Okay. Well, I'm responsible
for how I spend my time. Okay. And how
you spend your time is based on what
your thoughts or your like what how does
how do you how do you decide how to
spend your time?
How I how I manage my calendar. What
makes you How do you determine how to
manage your calendar?
Priorities. How do you determine your
priorities? I choose it. Choose it.
Okay, cool. So, if you have choice, then
you could be held
responsible, right? Correct. Cool. So,
choose to stop having thoughts.
I can't though. Yeah, exactly. You can't
even choose what thought to have next.
Mhm.
So your whole prioritization scheme that
led to the time management that led to
you not doing six and doing six instead
of four or whatever down that
line all comes from a thought that you
can't
control. This is rocking my world.
It's what's crazy is I get it sometimes
there's these moments where oh I choose
is a very empowering thing. I get to
choose is a really empowering
thing. There's also a time where I chose
this is a very disempowering thing. M
and right now the whole you know I
have I have agency is very much
disempowering
you when you say I have agency can you
like what do you mean by that? I'm
responsible for the whole king
kaboodleoodle of my
life. My mind just always wants to be
like so I wants to just spit back the
task change this do that every
everything you keep saying my mind wants
to go there. Yeah. Yeah. That's the
habit. And you can't stop it. Ah, you
don't even have control over
that,
right? You basically t you have already
turned freedom
into something wrong with you.
I have this freedom, this joy, this ease
of I don't have to be responsible for
everything. And now I'm responsible for
the fact that my
brain is telling me I'm responsible for
[__] You've just gone
meta. So here's a question for you. If
you didn't feel responsible for your
life, what do you think you would end up
doing?
Nothing.
Ah, well then you better feel
responsible for your life then.
Yeah. Because if I'm not
choosing which would be taking
responsibility then I'm just floating it
almost feels like
yeah so when you were 7 years old did
you do nothing
no
so how did how did [__] get done
then without this sense of
responsibility to make the life and that
you're responsible for every aspect of
your How did that happen? I mean, it
was the word is just like playful and
curiosity at seven, right? Like there's
absolutely no like the food is on the
table. How do I want to do I want to go
play kick the soccer ball? Do I want to
ride the bicycle? Yeah. Exactly. So you
just experienced something that you call
bliss, joy, like oh it feels like oh
that whole
thing. So somehow that's going to make
you
stagnant. But it didn't when you were a
kid, that level of freedom.
But somehow the idea of I'm responsible
for my entire life that and that burden
is going to make you productive even
though it's for the last 5 years made
you stagnant.
Okay, we're going to try something
totally different for a second. Without
going into the past or the future, tell
me what's wrong with you right now.
My mindset.
Say again. My mindset,
these beliefs patterns right
now. Your beliefs in the future or in
the past like I'm right now. What's
wrong with you?
There's nothing wrong with me.
So, what are you what are you I just am.
Yeah. Then what's the what are you
trying to earn?
What's the task list for? If there's
nothing wrong with you right now and
right now and right
now there is no there's no task list.
There's
just the Sat It feels like Saturday
morning. Yeah. Just like freedom of flow
and
just just is Yeah.
Even trying to keep it is a task
list. Keep that feeling.
Mhm. Even that is a subtle move to build
a wall that you have to jump.
Would you So is what you're trying to
say is is coming back to just pure
presence.
But then that would be a task list. Now
I have to be purely present to be
happier. Oh god, I knew I was going to
get my world rocked on this and I love
it.
I feel like it's a sense of slowing
down. I
mean, I'm going to move out of the truth
for a minute and then move into the
practical, the tactical, and then I'm
going to come back to the truth. Um, for
lack of better words.
Um, if you're looking for something that
you need to
do, the the most important thing is to
get in touch with what's
true. So to say I need to be present
isn't true. You don't need to be
present. I want to be true. Is that
different?
I mean like what's the truth right now?
Are are you present?
I feel very present.
Yeah. Do can you imagine a time when you
could say I know this sounds weird but
like if you really stopped and said am I
present right now? Would you ever be
able to say no?
No. Right. Because we're always present.
We're all I mean that's the definition
of it.
So getting in touch with what's
true is a far more effective tool
than telling yourself you have to be a
certain
way. But what if what is true is not
give me an example.
Right now you're free. Right now you're
present.
Right now you don't have to do anything
to earn
love. Right now you have
enough right now. People love you.
Right now you're loving
yourself. I don't know why even you
saying you are nuts.
It just hits hits home.
Wow. Oh.
So I want to stay with the tactical. So
there's two things that can very much
help you with the from this perspective
from seeing this aspect. And there's a
couple things you can do that can really
help you with the financial abundance
which is where you started and where you
came in. Yeah.
[Music]
So one of them is so that constant
internal critic that you spoke to that's
happening that's you don't get to
control that that's not going to stop
where you do have some space is how you
respond to
it right so basically what happens in
your head right now correct me if I'm
wrong is god damn it you should be doing
more why didn't you spend more time why
didn't why did you only do four things
you could have done six six things. Mhm.
And you respond to that the way think of
the politician you like the least and
you think about the acolytes of that
politician and they're like, "Okay,
yeah, whatever." You say,
"Okay." That's how you react to that
voice in your head, that internal
critic. You don't really get to change
the critic as much as you get to change
the way that you relate to the critic.
So, you could say, "Hey, you know,
that's pretty bad management style.
Or you could
say, "I see how scared you
are." Or you could say, "Fuck you. Shut
the [__]
up." Or you could say, "Yes, sir. I'll
get right on
that." Right? You have all sorts of
options that you can respond to the way
that that voice speaks. And so your job
isn't to do any of them. Your job is to
experiment. So write down 20 of them.
And every day or every two days or every
3 days, pick one of them and then do it
for that day or two days or 3
days. So your job is to basically just
experiment. You're not trying to get
anywhere. You're just experimenting
with, oh, what is it like to treat the
voice of my head this way? What is it
like to treat the negative voice in my
head that way? What is it like to treat
the negative voice in my head that way?
So that's one experiment very
tactically. The other one is that you
and your fiance every
day, 10 minutes a
day, have a gratitude practice. It's an
out loud gratitude practice where you
feel gratitude. This isn't optimism.
This isn't hope. This is, oh, I'm
grateful. And feel that gratitude and
speak from that gratitude about all the
material stuff that you have in your
life.
I'm so grateful that I have the ability
to do
podcasts. I'm so grateful that the
podcast that I did created this amazing
coaching session for free. I'm so
grateful that we have food on the table.
I'm so grateful
that, you know, I I I can go get a
job and what all the things. And and so
you're you're just and you need to have
that felt physical sense of gratitude.
And so you'll say gratitude, you'll
savor it like a good meal, she'll say a
gratitude, she'll savor it like a good
meal. And you'll just go back and forth
like that for 10 minutes a day, 3
months. It's an experiment.
Okay? Right? And you're not taking that
and saying, "I should be grateful all
the time." No, it's just you're just
being grateful for that 10 minutes for
what's there. And the the reason that
this is important, there's several ways
that this works, but right now you
define yourself as somebody who doesn't
have enough enough this, enough that,
enough the other thing, enough time,
enough energy, enough blah blah blah
blah. This actually changes your self-
definitionf to somebody who has enough.
And if you walk around the world with
I'm the person who has it
plenty, then you act differently in the
world.
So those are just two practical things
that you can take away from
the from this. But it's really
important. You're not doing these to get
better. You're doing these as
experiments.
Yeah. As soon as you do as soon as you
do them to get better, they will have no
effect that you want in your life.
And you'll notice this in your tools
that you've used. Like you collect, you
have collected all these tools in your
life for self-development. They work for
a while and then they stop
working. And you'll notice that the they
work until you use them to improve
yourself, which means you've taken the
love out.
They become a form of criticism. And so
the tool stops
working.
Wow. I'm so happy you said that part
because the the ver the version of me
would have went to start the gratitude.
Yeah. To to get to the the the the
marker. Yeah. It wouldn't have worked.
That's Yeah. That's like if we're trying
to change like imagine somebody says,
"Okay, I want you to accept an
emotion." And so you're like, "Okay, I'm
going to accept my
anger." But you're accepting it to get
rid of it. It's not really accepting it,
right? It's like it's like I'm accepting
you son in the house because I want you
to grow up and [__] leave isn't
really like accepting your son into the
house, right? And so yes, so it is like
a deep welcoming of what
is. It is not a it's not a I'm going to
welcome what I'm going to be present so
that I can be better. It's no, it's like
I so I can be with what actually
is. I love that.
experimenting and the gratitude.
Yeah, I was checking time. Yeah. To time
just kind of disappears. So, I'm like,
where where are we? It does. Yeah, it it
sure does.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So, back to the truth. So, I
told you I was going to go tactical and
now I'm just kind of go back to the
truth.
Like I I gave you like a little like
what's looking out behind your eyes
right
now? I don't need an answer. I just want
you to get in touch with
it. And now you're really trying hard to
get in touch with something that's
naturally there. It's just what's what's
what's Yeah. There. was looking. Yeah.
Is there anything that needs to be done
about that? Like, is there anything that
you want that's not there?
It's all It's all there.
Yeah. And there'll never be a moment in
time in your life where you That's not
the case.
Total pleasure to work with you, man.
Full of gratitude, Joe. This is
uh I didn't know where this combo was
going to go and I intentionally didn't
do too much brainstorming or creating
some expectation. I just knew when this
got booked that something magical
happened and we're just going to let it
ride based on where we're at. But um I
just want to say I I am so grateful of
you, so grateful for this conversation,
grateful for how uh those that do get a
chance to listen, how this may be
directly relatable for where they're at
and some of the things they're working
through. But um so hold on a second. I'm
I'm because I can't get out of the
coaching thing. I'm I really
appreciative of all that, but can you do
that and feel
it like you were in your character a
little bit for a second
there? like that positive like character
thing. I feel that now you don't even
have to say a word. I feel
that I want to coach me. That other
thing I want [__] nothing to do with
Yeah. I
Wow. I so appreciate you stopping me
there. I appreciate you meeting me
there.
I'll have all your socials linked up
below, but are there any final thoughts?
Cuz I want you to have the last words,
Joe. No, dude. I want that ended just
where it ended. I wanted Yeah, that's
all. And yeah,
[Music]
I'll stop it right there. Okay,
everybody. Thanks for watching. I hope
you got a ton out of it. If you want to
find out more, come to
arttoaccomplishment.com, sign up for a
free course, or follow me at fujo Hudson
onx, or just hit subscribe.